semi-annually on the Green River we look
at the fish in in the river itself looks
at lengths and weights and we're also in
putting tags in these fish so that we
can track their growth over several
years this has been happening for
approximately 25 years now so we've got
real good data on the river and will
continue to collect this information in
the future to get an idea of what the
fishery is looking like health-wise the
book would actually sets up a field of
electricity between the electrodes that
stick out and from the boat in the boat
itself so up in front of the boat you
have a field of electricity that
actually stuns the fish makes it so
basically paralyzes and they do the same
thing to you if you dropped in the water
it's just a lot of electricity going
through wasn't actually harming the fish
they can recover from it but it stuns
them so that we have the opportunity to
net them and select the fish that we
want in an evening will typically work
between 600 and 800 fish net pens on the
stretch of river that we're looking at a
below the dam there's a few more fish in
there are down up little bowls we end up
usually work in 100 to 150 more fish
below the dam than we do a little hole
little capture fish goes away from four
inches up to you know ten pound fish the
larger fish are pretty rare just because
they can typically feel the electric
field coming at them so they can get
away a little faster than the smaller
fish but the small fish is really what
we're trying to look at the growth is a
lot we can determine the growth on the
fish
and they also have the the toughest time
surviving in the river so if we get good
survival of our young fish that means
we're doing well and for the resource
but typically what we'll catch in an
evening is going to be brown trout
rainbow trout we did get a cutthroat
although we haven't stopped stock to cut
for quite a while now so we don't see
very many and also mountain whitefish
and sculpt and month and scott least
open also so those are the main fish
that we'll see in an evening um what
we've seen over the last 10 years is
actually a flip flop from dominated
rainbow fishery to adopt more of a brown
fishery right now we're looking at about
sixty percent Browns and forty percent
rainbows below the dam and as you get
closer down the little hole where
actually the percentage goes up to 80 20
in favor of brown so it's really it's
changed over the last 10 years or so and
we're not sure and what the cause of
that is but
we're looking at trying to figure out
possible ideas on app